README.md, before:

# Virtual Devices

This app gives you the opportunity to add Virtual Devices to Homey that can be operated from the UI Interface and that can trigger flows.

Or you can add a mode and add it as a condition, e.g. to dissable multiple flows when going on Holiday. 

## What works:

* Devices:
  * Switch
  * Alarm
  * Blinds
  * Hifi
  * Light
  * Security
  * TV
* Modes
  * Holiday
  * Away
  * Party
  * Event
  * Quiet
  * Movie
  * Sleep
  * Relax
  * Manual


* Trigger a flow
* Use the switch/mode status as a condition
* Use the switch/mode in the 'then'-column

## What doesn't:

* Blinds can go on/off, not yet up, stop, down
* Other devices, like a Dimmer, etc.

I'm very interested to hear your ideas for other virtual devices. 


## Release history

### 0.4.0
* Added Buttons
* Added Relax and Manual Modes

### 0.3.0
* Added more devices and modes (thanks to ZperX)

### 0.2.0
* Use the switch in the 'then'-column

### 0.1.0
* Use the switches status as a condition
* Multiple Virtual devices can be added
* First Device: a Virtual Switch

Commit message:

refactor to config files and beautifying
refactor to config file composer, making it more easy to add/edit a
virtual device
and in the meantime made it easier to beautify the code

see the readme for more information about the composer

no code changes has been done for now

README.md, after:

# Virtual Devices

This app gives you the opportunity to add Virtual Devices to Homey that can be operated from the UI Interface and that can trigger flows.

Or you can add a mode and add it as a condition, e.g. to dissable multiple flows when going on Holiday.

## What works:

* Devices:
  * Switch
  * Alarm
  * Blinds
  * Hifi
  * Light
  * Security
  * TV
* Modes
  * Holiday
  * Away
  * Party
  * Event
  * Quiet
  * Movie
  * Sleep
  * Relax
  * Manual


* Trigger a flow
* Use the switch/mode status as a condition
* Use the switch/mode in the 'then'-column

## What doesn't:

* Blinds can go on/off, not yet up, stop, down
* Other devices, like a Dimmer, etc.

I'm very interested to hear your ideas for other virtual devices.

### Homey Config Composer
to add a device just add the appropiate config files and run the  
`homeyConfig compose`  
command and it will be added into the app.json  

you will need to install the homey config composer to be able to do this:  
https://www.npmjs.com/package/node-homey-config-composer

## Release history

### 0.4.0
* Added Buttons
* Added Relax and Manual Modes

### 0.3.0
* Added more devices and modes (thanks to ZperX)

### 0.2.0
* Use the switch in the 'then'-column

### 0.1.0
* Use the switches status as a condition
* Multiple Virtual devices can be added
* First Device: a Virtual Switch
